15000
2500238
15000
2497926
15000
2499067
15000
2499786
15000
2500205
the graph generation is done!

Start the test:
1 graphs
1 pair of (s,t) of graph pair1

rdg1 time on algorithm 1 is: 44ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 2 is: 9ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 3 is: 23ms

rdg2 time on algorithm 1 is: 3655ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 2 is: 2185ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 3 is:2737ms
2 pair of (s,t) of graph pair1

rdg1 time on algorithm 1 is: 26ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 2 is: 4ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 3 is: 9ms

rdg2 time on algorithm 1 is: 3611ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 2 is: 4941ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 3 is:2568ms
3 pair of (s,t) of graph pair1

rdg1 time on algorithm 1 is: 9ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 2 is: 1ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 3 is: 7ms

rdg2 time on algorithm 1 is: 3009ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 2 is: 4682ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 3 is:2559ms
4 pair of (s,t) of graph pair1

rdg1 time on algorithm 1 is: 2ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 2 is: 16ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 3 is: 15ms

rdg2 time on algorithm 1 is: 918ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 2 is: 878ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 3 is:2584ms
5 pair of (s,t) of graph pair1

rdg1 time on algorithm 1 is: 18ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 2 is: 2ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 3 is: 6ms

rdg2 time on algorithm 1 is: 3891ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 2 is: 2667ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 3 is:2525ms
2 graphs
1 pair of (s,t) of graph pair2

rdg1 time on algorithm 1 is: 18ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 2 is: 5ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 3 is: 17ms

rdg2 time on algorithm 1 is: 2909ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 2 is: 2036ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 3 is:2606ms
2 pair of (s,t) of graph pair2

rdg1 time on algorithm 1 is: 1ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 2 is: 0ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 3 is: 6ms

rdg2 time on algorithm 1 is: 3151ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 2 is: 397ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 3 is:2517ms
3 pair of (s,t) of graph pair2

rdg1 time on algorithm 1 is: 1ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 2 is: 2ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 3 is: 6ms

rdg2 time on algorithm 1 is: 2542ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 2 is: 958ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 3 is:2657ms
4 pair of (s,t) of graph pair2

rdg1 time on algorithm 1 is: 32ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 2 is: 6ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 3 is: 12ms

rdg2 time on algorithm 1 is: 4308ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 2 is: 2652ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 3 is:2534ms
5 pair of (s,t) of graph pair2

rdg1 time on algorithm 1 is: 31ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 2 is: 2ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 3 is: 0ms

rdg2 time on algorithm 1 is: 1354ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 2 is: 3894ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 3 is:2612ms
3 graphs
1 pair of (s,t) of graph pair3

rdg1 time on algorithm 1 is: 5ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 2 is: 1ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 3 is: 6ms

rdg2 time on algorithm 1 is: 3348ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 2 is: 5283ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 3 is:2702ms
2 pair of (s,t) of graph pair3

rdg1 time on algorithm 1 is: 2ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 2 is: 2ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 3 is: 7ms

rdg2 time on algorithm 1 is: 2612ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 2 is: 5085ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 3 is:2625ms
3 pair of (s,t) of graph pair3

rdg1 time on algorithm 1 is: 4ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 2 is: 1ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 3 is: 6ms

rdg2 time on algorithm 1 is: 1672ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 2 is: 2050ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 3 is:2521ms
4 pair of (s,t) of graph pair3

rdg1 time on algorithm 1 is: 22ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 2 is: 0ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 3 is: 0ms

rdg2 time on algorithm 1 is: 2506ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 2 is: 1620ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 3 is:2598ms
5 pair of (s,t) of graph pair3

rdg1 time on algorithm 1 is: 0ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 2 is: 0ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 3 is: 20ms

rdg2 time on algorithm 1 is: 4299ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 2 is: 1143ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 3 is:2614ms
4 graphs
1 pair of (s,t) of graph pair4

rdg1 time on algorithm 1 is: 11ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 2 is: 0ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 3 is: 6ms

rdg2 time on algorithm 1 is: 223ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 2 is: 4043ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 3 is:2488ms
2 pair of (s,t) of graph pair4

rdg1 time on algorithm 1 is: 16ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 2 is: 0ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 3 is: 16ms

rdg2 time on algorithm 1 is: 3052ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 2 is: 2534ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 3 is:2588ms
3 pair of (s,t) of graph pair4

rdg1 time on algorithm 1 is: 1ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 2 is: 0ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 3 is: 6ms

rdg2 time on algorithm 1 is: 3790ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 2 is: 4663ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 3 is:2649ms
4 pair of (s,t) of graph pair4

rdg1 time on algorithm 1 is: 0ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 2 is: 1ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 3 is: 7ms

rdg2 time on algorithm 1 is: 1175ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 2 is: 1337ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 3 is:2488ms
5 pair of (s,t) of graph pair4

rdg1 time on algorithm 1 is: 4ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 2 is: 0ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 3 is: 0ms

rdg2 time on algorithm 1 is: 575ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 2 is: 3046ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 3 is:2495ms
5 graphs
1 pair of (s,t) of graph pair5

rdg1 time on algorithm 1 is: 11ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 2 is: 0ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 3 is: 16ms

rdg2 time on algorithm 1 is: 4382ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 2 is: 4234ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 3 is:2600ms
2 pair of (s,t) of graph pair5

rdg1 time on algorithm 1 is: 9ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 2 is: 0ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 3 is: 15ms

rdg2 time on algorithm 1 is: 2852ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 2 is: 4967ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 3 is:2677ms
3 pair of (s,t) of graph pair5

rdg1 time on algorithm 1 is: 1ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 2 is: 1ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 3 is: 6ms

rdg2 time on algorithm 1 is: 750ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 2 is: 903ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 3 is:2546ms
4 pair of (s,t) of graph pair5

rdg1 time on algorithm 1 is: 7ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 2 is: 0ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 3 is: 7ms

rdg2 time on algorithm 1 is: 1775ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 2 is: 2924ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 3 is:2656ms
5 pair of (s,t) of graph pair5

rdg1 time on algorithm 1 is: 5ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 2 is: 0ms
rdg1 time on algorithm 3 is: 6ms

rdg2 time on algorithm 1 is: 1403ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 2 is: 1965ms
rdg2 time on algorithm 3 is:2507ms
